apps/bbl-remix/README.md, before:

# Welcome to Nx + Remix!

- [Remix Docs](https://remix.run/docs)
- [Nx Docs](https://nx.dev)

## Development

From your terminal:

```sh
yarn nx dev bbl-remix
```

This starts your app in development mode, rebuilding assets on file changes.

## Deployment

First, build your app for production:

```sh
yarn nx build bbl-remix
```

Then run the app in production mode:

```sh
yarn nx start bbl-remix
```

Now you'll need to pick a host to deploy it to.

### DIY

If you're familiar with deploying node applications, the built-in Remix app server is production-ready.

Make sure to deploy the output of `remix build`

- `packages/bbl-remix/build/`
- `packages/bbl-remix/public/build/`

### Using a Template

When you ran `yarn create-remix@latest` there were a few choices for hosting. You can run that again to create a new project, then copy over your `app/` folder to the new project that's pre-configured for your target server.

```sh
cd ..
# create a new project, and pick a pre-configured host
yarn create-remix@latest
cd my-new-remix-app
# remove the new project's app (not the old one!)
rm -rf app
# copy your app over
cp -R ../my-old-remix-app/app app
```

Commit message:

chore: update nx version, yarn -> pnpm

apps/bbl-remix/README.md, after:

# Welcome to Nx + Remix!

- [Remix Docs](https://remix.run/docs)
- [Nx Docs](https://nx.dev)

## Development

From your terminal:

```sh
pnpm nx dev bbl-remix
```

This starts your app in development mode, rebuilding assets on file changes.

## Deployment

First, build your app for production:

```sh
pnpm nx build bbl-remix
```

Then run the app in production mode:

```sh
pnpm nx start bbl-remix
```

Now you'll need to pick a host to deploy it to.

### DIY

If you're familiar with deploying node applications, the built-in Remix app server is production-ready.

Make sure to deploy the output of `remix build`

- `packages/bbl-remix/build/`
- `packages/bbl-remix/public/build/`

### Using a Template

When you ran `pnpm create-remix@latest` there were a few choices for hosting. You can run that again to create a new project, then copy over your `app/` folder to the new project that's pre-configured for your target server.

```sh
cd ..
# create a new project, and pick a pre-configured host
pnpm create-remix@latest
cd my-new-remix-app
# remove the new project's app (not the old one!)
rm -rf app
# copy your app over
cp -R ../my-old-remix-app/app app
```
